W-13572835 overview suggestions duke (#52)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

include::reuse::partial$beta-banner.adoc[tag="anypoint-code-builder"]

//intro
Anypoint Code Builder is an AI-powered integrated development environment (IDE) for designing and implementing API specifications and for developing integration applications that connect data from disparate systems and transform your data to required formats.

//list key features; avoid mentioning MuleSoft-specific terminology

> * AI... suggested components and structures for building your integration applications blocks  

Author: ```suggestion
//not yet:
//* AI... suggested components and structures for building your integration applications blocks  
```

* DataWeave is the programming language for all expressions and data transformations. The language offers rich function libraries and mechanisms for creating customizations, including your own functions, libraries, and types.
//TODO: POINT TO DW docs, DW playground & tutorial on dataweave.mulesoft.com (below)

* Scaffolding is an automatic process that uses APIKit to convert an API specification into an XML-based router and endpoints that you implement within a Mule application. 
//TODO: Not sure if we need to say more about APIKit; leaning toward no.
//TODO: If already introduced above, prob not needed here unless we're adding some detail

* A Mule application is an XML-based integration application that runs on the Mule runtime engine. The application supports connectors, components, and scaffolded API specifications. Mule application development requires some understanding of the Mule message model (Mule event, Mule message), predefined Mule variables (`payload`, `attributes`, `vars`, `errors`), and execution of the Mule event within Mule flows.
//TODO: POINT TO helpful areas of the Mule docs (below)

> //where and how to get access

Author: or is this the right place for the content in this section?

include::reuse::partial$beta-banner.adoc[tag="anypoint-code-builder"]

//intro

> Anypoint Code Builder is an AI-powered integrated development environment (IDE) for designing and implementing API specifications and for developing integration applications that connect data from disparate systems and transform your data to required formats.

Author: not yet AI

//list key features; avoid mentioning MuleSoft-specific terminology

//not yet:
//* AI... suggested components and structures for building your integration applications blocks  

> //NOTE: avoiding terminology like flow, connectors, etc. until later

Author: Maybe provide or link to more vivid description (on landing pages)?

* API specification design features... support for RAML, OAS, mocking service feature, etc.?
* API implementation feature ... scaffolding?
* Integration development features ... in addition to AI, graphical UI and XML config? 

> 

Author: also add advantages over other tools

> Anypoint Code Builder is available from the web or from your desktop. The web-based Anypoint Code Builder and desktop-based Anypoint Code Builder for Desktop are a set of MuleSoft extensions to Visual Studio Code (VS Code) IDE. The web-based extensions are built into the code-server VS Code IDE and require no additional software, setup, or machine specifications. The desktop extensions require installation to your VS Code IDE and some setup.

Author: name in Microsoft Marketplace: "MuleSoft Extensions for VS Code"
Need to verify and use in our docs here and elsewhere, if not yet done.

Anypoint Code Builder is available from the web or from your desktop. The web-based Anypoint Code Builder and desktop-based Anypoint Code Builder for Desktop are a set of MuleSoft extensions to Visual Studio Code (VS Code) IDE. The web-based extensions are built into the code-server VS Code IDE and require no additional software, setup, or machine specifications. The desktop extensions require installation to your VS Code IDE and some setup.

//relationships to our other products (avoid mentioning features not introduced yet)
Both the web and desktop Anypoint Code Builder IDEs integrate with key Anypoint Platform features: 

* Exchange for publishing the API specifications you create and for importing API specifications and development resources
* Design Center for storing API specifications as they are developed
* CloudHub for deploying the implementations and integrations that you build 

//what do people need to know to get started?

> == Prerequisites

Author: familiarity with the basics of VS Code? Point to any resources?

> While built-in features, such as AI-generated suggestions, help guide your work in Anypoint Code Builder, the following background is necessary: 

Author: remove AI for now

* To design API specifications, you must have experience with API design languages (supported versions of OAS or RAML). You can easily transition to Anypoint Code Builder if you already have experience with Anypoint Design Center for this task. 

* To implement API specifications and develop integrations, familiarity with Mule application development and the DataWeave transformation language is necessary. You can easily transition to Anypoint Code Builder if you already have experience with these tasks in Anypoint Studio. 

//TODO: ADD Learning resources are available in the connector docs, Mule docs, DataWeave docs, and dataweave.mulesoft.com, which provides a tutorial and playground for trying out DataWeave scripts.  

//seems like we have no choice but to introduce them to key things they
//need to understand and point them to resources for more info

> //=== Key Concepts  

Author: ```suggestion
```

//TODO: SHOULD WE ADD SOMETHING LIKE THIS (WITH IMPROVED DESCRIPTIONS)?
//TODO: QA and refine the "starter" descriptions below, of course
//Important concepts include the following:

Understanding the following is helpful:

* Connectors are clients that provide operations for retrieving, modifying, and sending data to and from systems. Built-in connectors for Anypoint Code Builder include... 
Salesforce, etc. Connectors are also available through ACB from Anypoint Exchange. See docs... 
//TODO: we're preparing a way to provide sharable component doc in ACB doc set for these. This bullet could point to that ACB doc once it exists and/or to the connectors section of the docs.

> * Components are programmatic building blocks of an integration application. Examples include For Each <xmlneeded/>, Transform Message <xmlneeded/>, and Flow <xmlneeded/>.

Author: distinguish from Salesforce flows

* DataWeave is the programming language for all expressions and data transformations. The language offers rich function libraries and mechanisms for creating customizations, including your own functions, libraries, and types.
//TODO: POINT TO DW docs, DW playground & tutorial on dataweave.mulesoft.com (below)

* Scaffolding is an automatic process that uses APIKit to convert an API specification into an XML-based router and endpoints that you implement within a Mule application. 
//TODO: Not sure if we need to say more about APIKit; leaning toward no.
//TODO: If already introduced above, prob not needed here unless we're adding some detail

* A Mule application is an XML-based integration application that runs on the Mule runtime engine. The application supports connectors, components, and scaffolded API specifications. Mule application development requires some understanding of the Mule message model (Mule event, Mule message), predefined Mule variables (`payload`, `attributes`, `vars`, `errors`), and execution of the Mule event within Mule flows.
//TODO: POINT TO helpful areas of the Mule docs (below)

//where and how to get access

> == Availability and Access

Author: TODO: This type of info should move to a different page. Discussed with Hanna.

include::reuse::partial$beta-banner.adoc[tag="anypoint-code-builder"]

Anypoint Code Builder is a web-based integrated development environment (IDE) based on Visual Studio Code that includes Anypoint Code Builder extensions. Anypoint Code Builder provides a modern experience for all developers to design, develop, and deploy APIs, integrations, and automations from a single environment.
//intro
Anypoint Code Builder is an AI-powered integrated development environment (IDE) for designing and implementing API specifications and for developing integration applications that connect data from disparate systems and perform data transformations to required formats.

> Anypoint Code Builder requires no additional software, setup, or machine specifications.

Author: moved this to another location below

//list key features; avoid mentioning MuleSoft-specific terminology

> Anypoint Code Builder is in open beta, and it's available for any organization that signed up for this beta release. +

Author: moved this info to another location below

If you are not part of this open beta, ask your MuleSoft representative to add you.
* AI... suggested components and structures for building your integration applications blocks  
//NOTE: avoiding terminology like flow, connectors, etc. until later
* API specification design features... support for RAML, OAS, mocking service feature, etc.?
* API implementation feature ... scaffolding?
* Integration development features ... via UI and XML? 

> [IMPORTANT]

Author: moved all content in the IMPORTANT admonition here to another location

include::reuse::partial$beta-banner.adoc[tag="anypoint-code-builder"]

Anypoint Code Builder is a web-based integrated development environment (IDE) based on Visual Studio Code that includes Anypoint Code Builder extensions. Anypoint Code Builder provides a modern experience for all developers to design, develop, and deploy APIs, integrations, and automations from a single environment.
//intro
Anypoint Code Builder is an AI-powered integrated development environment (IDE) for designing and implementing API specifications and for developing integration applications that connect data from disparate systems and transform your data to required formats.

Anypoint Code Builder requires no additional software, setup, or machine specifications.
//list key features; avoid mentioning MuleSoft-specific terminology

Anypoint Code Builder is in open beta, and it's available for any organization that signed up for this beta release. +

> If you are not part of this open beta, ask your MuleSoft representative to add you.

Author: moved this info to another location below

* AI... suggested components and structures for building your integration applications blocks  
//NOTE: avoiding terminology like flow, connectors, etc. until later
* API specification design features... support for RAML, OAS, mocking service feature, etc.?
* API implementation feature ... scaffolding?
* Integration development features ... in addition to AI, graphical UI and XML config? 

[IMPORTANT]
--

> During the open beta, your existing web IDE instance might be deleted, causing you to lose your integrations, automations, and APIs.

Author: moved all content in the IMPORTANT admonition to another location below

* To design API specifications, experience with API design languages (supported versions of OAS or RAML) is necessary. You can easily transition to Anypoint Code Builder if you already have experience with Anypoint Design Center for this task. 

* To implement API specifications and develop integrations, familiarity with Mule application development and the DataWeave transformation language is helpful. You can easily transition to Anypoint Code Builder if you already have experience with these tasks in Anypoint Studio. 

//TODO: ADD Learning resources are available in the connector docs, Mule docs, DataWeave docs, and dataweave.mulesoft.com, which provides a tutorial and playground for trying out DataWeave scripts.  

//seems like we have no choice but to introduce them to key things they
//need to understand and point them to resources for more info

//TODO: SHOULD WE ADD SOMETHING LIKE THIS (WITH IMPROVED DESCRIPTIONS)?
//TODO: QA and refine the "starter" descriptions below, of course
//Important concepts include the following:

Understanding the following concepts is also useful:

> * Connectors are clients that provide operations for retrieving, modifying, and sending data to and from systems. Built-in connectors for Anypoint Code Builder include the HTTP, Database, and Salesforce connectors. Many more connectors are available through Anypoint Code Builder from Anypoint Exchange.

Author: ```suggestion
* Connectors provide operations for retrieving, modifying, and sending data to and from systems. Built-in connectors for Anypoint Code Builder include the HTTP, Database, and Salesforce connectors. Many more connectors are available through Anypoint Code Builder from Anypoint Exchange.
```

//extensions info
Anypoint Extension Pack is the set of extensions to Visual Studio Code that provides the Anypoint Code Builder experience in the desktop and web-based IDEs. The web-based extensions are built into the code-server VS Code IDE and require no additional software, setup, or machine specifications. The desktop extensions require installation to your VS Code IDE, which is described in xref:setup.adoc[]. 

//relationships to our other products (avoid mentioning features not introduced yet)
Both the web and desktop Anypoint Code Builder IDEs integrate with key Anypoint Platform features: 

* Exchange for publishing the API specifications you create and for importing API specifications and development resources
* Design Center for storing API specifications as they are developed
* CloudHub for deploying the implementations and integrations that you build 

//what do people need to know to get started?
//NOT YET: While built-in features, such as AI-generated suggestions, help guide your work in Anypoint Code Builder, the following background is necessary: 

//While Anypoint Code Builder provides many intuitive features, experience with the following is useful:

> Design API specifications depends on knowledge of API design languages (supported versions of OAS or RAML). 

Author: ```suggestion
Designing API specifications depends on knowledge of API design languages (supported versions of OAS or RAML). 
```

Implementing API specifications and developing integrations requires some familiarity with Mule application development and the DataWeave transformation language. 

> //You can easily transition to Anypoint Code Builder if you already have experience with these tasks in Anypoint Studio. 

Author: Maybe add this somewhere?

To help you get started with these tasks, Anypoint Code Builder xref:user-guide.adoc[tutorials] provide an introduction to API specification design, implementation, and integration development tasks.

//LOGO (web, desktop, or both)
include::partial$acb-ide-logos.adoc[tags="both-ides"]

//intro

> Anypoint Code Builder provides an integrated development environment (IDE) for designing, testing, and implementing APIs and for developing, debugging, and deploying integrations and implementations that connect disparate systems. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Anypoint Code Builder integrated development environment (IDE) for designing, testing, and implementing APIs. You can also develop, debug, and deploy integrations and implementations that connect disparate systems. 
```

Work locally with Anypoint Code Builder for Desktop on Visual Studio Code or online with Anypoint Code Builder on Anypoint Platform. The IDEs support the development lifecycle:

* API specification design (OAS, RAML, or GraphQL), a mocking service for testing, source control, and publication to Anypoint Exchange
* API implementation features for importing supported API specifications and autogenerating interfaces for flows and error handlers within a Mule application
* Integration development to connect systems, transform data to required formats, and provide business logic to manage messages and events programmatically within a Mule application

//extensions info
== Anypoint Extension Pack

> Add the Anypoint Extension Pack to Visual Studio Code to get the Anypoint Code Builder experience in the desktop and web-based IDEs. The web-based extensions are built into code-server, a web-based IDE based on VS Code. The desktop extensions require installation to your VS Code IDE. See xref:setup.adoc[].

Author: ```suggestion
Anypoint Extension Pack is the set of extensions to Visual Studio Code that provides the Anypoint Code Builder experience in the desktop and web-based IDEs. The web-based extensions are built into code-server, a web-based IDE based on VS Code. The desktop extensions require installation to your VS Code IDE. See xref:setup.adoc[].
```

Reverting this one because you don't add the pack to the web IDE, only the desktop one. But both use the same extension pack. It's just that one is pre-packaged. They other one on your desktop you need to add it.

> Anypoint Extension Pack is the set of extensions to Visual Studio Code that provides the Anypoint Code Builder experience in the desktop and web-based IDEs. The web-based extensions are built into code-server, a web-based IDE based on VS Code. The desktop extensions require installation to your VS Code IDE. See xref:setup.adoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the Anypoint Extension Pack to Visual Studio Code to get the Anypoint Code Builder experience in the desktop and web-based IDEs. The web-based extensions are built into code-server, a web-based IDE based on VS Code. The desktop extensions require installation to your VS Code IDE. See xref:setup.adoc[].
```

Author: @valkyrie69 I at first committed the suggestion but then restored the original bc you don't add the pack to the web IDE (it's already there), only to desktop. Both use the same extensions though.

> == Prerequisites

Author: ```suggestion
== Get Familiar with the Basics
```

> == Prerequisites

Reviewer: Some ideas that you can take or leave:
Exploring the Basics
Get Familiar with the Basics
Getting up to Speed (this might be too slangy?)

Author: Thank you! I added *Get Familiar with the Basics*

> API design requires some knowledge of API specification languages (OAS, RAML, or GraphQL). API implementations and integration development require familiarity with Mule application development, connectors, and the DataWeave transformation language. Anypoint Code Builder xref:user-guide.adoc[tutorials] help you get started with these tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's good to have some knowledge about designing an API using API specification languages (OAS, RAML, or GraphQL). API implementations and integration development require familiarity with Mule application development, connectors, and the DataWeave transformation language. Anypoint Code Builder xref:user-guide.adoc[tutorials] help you get started with these tasks.
```

> Familiarity with the following is useful:

Author: ```suggestion
It's also useful to be familiar with the following products and features:
```

> Familiarity with the following is useful:

Reviewer: It's also useful to be familiar with:

Reviewer: I want a word here: ... familiar with these components? products? Just to make the grammatical structure of the bulleted list items grammatically correct.

> It's also useful to be familiar with these products and features:

Author: @valkyrie69 What to you think about this ☝️ ? 

I was shying away from calling them anything because I don't know that we have a global term that captures what they are and I'm not thrilled about "products and features" but I don't know what to call them collectively, tbh.

> It's also useful to be familiar with the following products and features:

Author: ```suggestion
It's also useful to be familiar with these products and features:
```

> * Connectors provide operations for retrieving, modifying, and sending data to and from systems. Anypoint Code Builder provides <<builtin-connectors, built-in connectors>> and access to many others from Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Anypoint Connectors provide operations for retrieving, modifying, and sending data to and from systems. Anypoint Code Builder provides <<builtin-connectors, built-in connectors>> and access to many other connectors from Anypoint Exchange.
```

//TODO: we're preparing a way to provide sharable component doc in ACB doc set for these. This bullet could point to that ACB doc once it exists and/or to the connectors section of the docs. 

> * Core components are programmatic building blocks that provide the business logic for integration applications. Examples include For Each <foreach/>, Transform Message <ee:transform/>, and Flow <flow/>.

Reviewer: Do these need to be formatted in any way? Are they UI elements or...?
For connectors, we bold operations if they are in the UI. I'm not familiar enough to know the situation here though. So disregard if N/A

Author: ```suggestion
* Core components are programmatic building blocks that provide the business logic for integration applications. Examples include For Each (`<foreach/>`), Transform Message (`<ee:transform/>`), and Flow (`<flow/>`).
```

//TODO: we're preparing a way to provide sharable component doc in ACB doc set for these. This bullet could point to that doc or to the component section of the docs. I'd prefer the former, which will exclude refs to Studio.

> * DataWeave is the programming language for all expressions and data transformations in your integrations and implementations. The language offers function libraries and mechanisms for creating customizations, including your own functions, libraries, and types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* DataWeave is the programming language for all expressions and data transformations in your integrations and implementations. The language offers function libraries and mechanisms for creating customizations, including your own functions, libraries, and data types.
```

Reviewer: types of...? Don't know if data is correct.

//TODO: POINT TO DW docs, DW playground & tutorial on dataweave.mulesoft.com (below)

* Scaffolding is an automatic process that uses APIkit to take an API specification as input and autogenerate an XML-based router and endpoints that you implement within a Mule application.
//TODO: Not sure if we need to say more about APIkit; leaning toward no.
//TODO: If already introduced above, prob not needed here unless we're adding some detail

> * A flow is a container for a block of components, including any connector operations, that Mule runtime engine executes sequentially on an event and the message it contains. A flow can also contain an operation that triggers the creation of the event and initiate the execution of the flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A flow is a container for a block of components, including any connector operations, that Mule runtime engine (Mule) executes sequentially on an event and the message it contains. A flow can also contain an operation that triggers the creation of the event and initiates the execution of the flow.
```

> * A Mule application contains one or more XML-based configuration files for your connectors, components, secure configuration properties, scaffolded API specifications, and other parts of your integrations and implementations. The  application runs on Mule runtime engine and is part of a project that contains the resources needed to configure, build, run, test, and deploy the application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A Mule application contains one or more XML-based configuration files for your connectors, components, secure configuration properties, scaffolded API specifications, and other parts of your integrations and implementations. The application runs on Mule and is part of a project that contains the resources needed to configure, build, run, test, and deploy the application. 
```

Reviewer: You can ignore everything I suggest here except there was one extra space at the beginning of the second sentence.

//Mule application development requires some understanding of the Mule message model, predefined Mule variables (`payload`, `attributes`, `vars`, `errors`), and execution of the Mule event within Mule flows.
//TODO: POINT TO helpful areas of the Mule docs (below)

== Anypoint Platform Product Integrations

> //relationships to our other products

Reviewer: The title says product. Should line 51 also use "product" instead of "features"?

Author: fixed

> Both the web and desktop Anypoint Code Builder IDEs integrate with key Anypoint Platform features: 

Author: ```suggestion
Both the web and desktop Anypoint Code Builder IDEs integrate with key Anypoint Platform products: 
```

> * Anypoint Exchange for publishing the API specifications that you create and for importing API specifications and development resources (such as connectors) into your projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Anypoint Exchange for publishing the API specifications that you create, and for importing API specifications and development resources (such as connectors) into your projects
```

* CloudHub for deploying the implementations and integrations that you build 
* Design Center for storing API specifications as they are developed

[[builtin-connectors]]
== Built-In Connectors

> Built-in connectors include the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Built-in connectors include:
```

API design requires some knowledge of API specification languages (OAS, RAML, or GraphQL). API implementation and integration development require familiarity with Mule application development, connectors, and the DataWeave transformation language. Anypoint Code Builder xref:user-guide.adoc[tutorials] help you get started with these tasks.

Familiarity with the following is useful:

* Connectors provide operations for retrieving, modifying, and sending data to and from systems. Anypoint Code Builder provides <<builtin-connectors, built-in connectors>> and access to many others from Anypoint Exchange.
//TODO: we're preparing a way to provide sharable component doc in ACB doc set for these. This bullet could point to that ACB doc once it exists and/or to the connectors section of the docs. 

* Core components are programmatic building blocks of an integration application. Examples include For Each <foreach/>, Transform Message <ee:transform/>, and Flow <flow/>.
//TODO: we're preparing a way to provide sharable component doc in ACB doc set for these. This bullet could point to that doc or to the component section of the docs. I'd prefer the former, which will exclude refs to Studio.

> * DataWeave is the programming language for all expressions and data transformations. The language offers function libraries and mechanisms for creating customizations, including your own functions, libraries, and types.

Author: ```suggestion
* DataWeave is the programming language for all expressions and data transformations in your integrations and implementations. The language offers function libraries and mechanisms for creating customizations, including your own functions, libraries, and types.
```

> * DataWeave is the programming language for all expressions and data transformations. The language offers rich function libraries and mechanisms for creating customizations, including your own functions, libraries, and types.

Author: ```suggestion
* DataWeave is the programming language for all expressions and data transformations. The language offers function libraries and mechanisms for creating customizations, including your own functions, libraries, and types.
```
